Here we have the same three objects: duck, beaver and otter.
Let's now go ahead and use object on a sign and create a platypus.
So again, with objects on a sign,
the first argument that you pass into it is the target object.
This will be the object that all the properties are going to be copied into.
So, we just pass in a blank object.
Now, let's go ahead and pass in the rest of the objects.
So just to recap, we pass in a target object which is blank.
Then we pass in the duck, beaver,
and otter objects to have their properties mixed at the target object.
But, let's do something a little bit different this time.
What if we actually added a new property to the duck object?
What if this new property had
the same property name as one properties in one of the other objects?
Let's say for example, we go into duck over here.
In the duck object, we have
another property that's also called feet just like the other object has.
We can give the feet property a string value.
We'll just say, orange,
just to be a little bit descriptive.
So, what do you think will happen as we use
objects on a sign to merge on the properties into the target object?
What happens if you have property names that are the same?
So, will this platypus object receive a feet property with a value of webbed?
Or would it receive a feet property with the value of orange?
Let's check out what platypus looks like.
So as it turns out,
it has the same properties you expect.
We have has Bill.
We have feet, has Tail,
and has Fur, just like they do in these objects over here.
But if we took out feets over here,
it has a string value of webbed.
So, why did they choose webbed rather
than orange over here even though the property names are the same?
So, as it turns out,
the order in which you pass in the source objects
into object on a sign actually makes a huge difference.
If there are actually any name collisions between any of
the properties of the source objects,
just like we have again over here and feet and feet,
the value in the object passed in later actually
takes precedence over the value of the object passed on earlier.
So, since otter was passed in right after duck,
object at the sign is going to take these on order and actually
use the value of the object passed in later which would be otter.
So, that's why again, you would see webbed versus orange.
It's just something handy to know as you use object and assign.
Because again order matters.